## I nstallation

## Overview

Introduction This chapter explains how to install the application.  
  
In this chapter This chapter contains the following topics.  
  
Installation Procedure Overview .....56  
Installation Pre-requisites .....57  
Loading the Distribution File .....58  
Installing the Hughes SigTran Interface .....59  
Checking the Installation .....62

## I nstallation Procedure Overview

Installation of SLEE TCAP Interfaces package is performed by using standard package installation mechanism. It can be installed as root via the pkgadd command.

The pkg utilities provide a convenient method to install a set of packages. These utilities are supplemented by post-installation scripts which must be manually executed after using the pkg utilities.

This table describes the steps involved in installing TCAP IF packages.

<table><tr><td>Stage</td><td>Description</td></tr><tr><td>1</td><td>The TCAP IF distribution file must be loaded onto the SCP. For more information, see Loading the Distribution File (on page 58).</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>The packages loaded during step 1 must be installed on the SCP. This is a two-part procedure: 1 adding the package using the pkgadd utility, and 2 completing the installation configuration script (this starts automatically when the pkgadd utility finishes adding the package). The package name will depend on the type of TCAP IF being installed. For more information about interface types, see:</td></tr></table>

• Available TCAP Interfaces, and

• SLEE TCAP interfaces (on page 56).

This table shows the packages which deliver the different types of TCAP IF.

<table><tr><td>Stack</td><td>Package name</td><td>Base installation directory</td></tr><tr><td>Hughes</td><td>hssSclf</td><td>/IN/service_packages/SLEE</td></tr><tr><td>SINAP SCCP</td><td>sinSclf</td><td>/IN/service_packages/SLEE</td></tr><tr><td>SINAP TCAP</td><td>sinTclf</td><td>/IN/service_packages/SLEE</td></tr><tr><td>TCP/IP</td><td>tcpTclf</td><td>/IN/service_packages/SLEE</td></tr></table>

## I nstallation Pre-requisites

## I ntroduction

This topic provides a list of the pre-requisites for the installation of the TCAP Interfaces.

For details on the installation of the required system software, refer to the installation and set-up documentation supplied with the software.

## All machines

This table describes the third party or layered software which should have been installed on the SCP machines as part of installing the SLEE.

<table><tr><td>Software</td><td>Version</td><td>Description</td></tr><tr><td>Solaris</td><td>10</td><td>SUN operating system</td></tr></table>

This table describes the Oracle software which must be installed before SIGTRAN IF is installed on a SCP.

<table><tr><td>Software</td><td>Version</td><td>Description</td><td>Further information</td></tr><tr><td>SLEE</td><td>3.2.0 or later</td><td>Service Logic Execution Environment</td><td>SLEE Technical Guide.</td></tr></table>

Use the pkginfo utility to check the versions of Oracle application packages on each node.

For more information about:

- which versions are required, see the list under the machine name in this topic.

• using pkginfo, see Checking installed packages (on page 48).

Check that your Solaris version is correct. The version required is listed under the machine names in this topic.

Example commands: You can check your Solaris version by using the commands:

• uname -r, and

• pkginfo

For more information about finding out your Solaris version, see your Solaris documentation.

<div>Loading the Distribution File</div>

<table><tr><td>Introduction</td><td>Before you can install the application packages, you must load them in an installation directory on the correct machines. This procedure copies and registers packages from the distribution file on to the system. You must repeat this procedure on every machine. If your application packages have already been loaded, you do not have to complete this procedure.</td></tr><tr><td>Installation directory</td><td>This procedure copies the distribution file into the /tmp directory. The installation procedure assumes that the /tmp directory has been used.</td></tr><tr><td>Procedure</td><td>Follow these steps to load the distribution file.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Step Action</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>1 Ensure you are logged onto the machine as root.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>2 Copy the distribution file into the /tmp directory. The application's distribution file will be distributed on either CD or from an FTP location. If you do not either have a CD or know the correct FTP location, please contact your Oracle contact. The packages are often distributed in one large compressed file (for example, sms.tar.gz).</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>3 Check whether the distribution file is compressed (zipped). You can usually determine this by the file extension: .gz or .tgz will mean the file is compressed. Occasionally, the file extension will be incorrect, or the file will fail to uncompress or untar. If it is available, you can use the file command to attempt to determine the type of file by checking its contents. If the distribution file is:  • not compressed, go to Step 4.  • compressed, uncompress the file. Example commands:  • gunzip &lt;filename&gt;, or  • gzip -d &lt;filename&gt;  Where:  &lt;filename&gt; is the distribution file  Result: This uncompresses the distribution file.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>4 If the distribution file is:  • .pkg file, no further actions are required to load the distribution file.  • a tar ball, untar the distribution.  Example command: tar -xvf &lt;filename&gt;  • Where:  &lt;filename&gt; is the uncompressed distribution file.  Result: Untarring unzips the packages into the /tmp directory and will create an install sub-directory.</td></tr></table>

<div>Installing the Hughes SigTran Interface</div>

<table><tr><td>Introduction</td><td colspan="2">Use this procedure to install the hssScIf package on a Sun platform.This process automatically runs the post-install script on the SCP.</td></tr><tr><td>Before you begin</td><td colspan="2">During installation, the installation script will overwrite any previously installed files in /IN/service_packages and /IN/html. If you want to keep these files, move them before starting the installation.</td></tr><tr><td>Sample hssScIf script</td><td colspan="2">The table below provides a sample of the text displayed during an hssScIf package install on an SCP. Some of the content has been removed to save space.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Script</td><td>Action</td></tr><tr><td></td><td># pkgadd -d `pwd` hssScIf</td><td>Type this command to start the installation.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Processing package instance &lt;hssScIf&gt; from &lt;/tmp&gt;</td><td>This output displays:• the location of the installation script• the version of the software that is being installed, and• information about the steps being performed by the script.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>ACS Installation (sun4u) 1.0.2G8 Labs## Processing package information.## Processing system information.2 package pathnames are already properly installed.## Verifying disk space requirements.## Checking for conflicts with packages already installed.</td><td>The utility will check if there are any conflicts between existing files and the files which the utility will install. If there are any conflicts, they will be listed.Type either:• y to continue the installation and overwrite the existing files, or• n to cancel the installation.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>The following files are already installed on the system and are being used by another package:/IN/service_packages/SLEE/bin&lt;attribute change only&gt;Do you want to install these conflicting files [y,n,?,q] n</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Do you want to continue with the installation of &lt;hssScIf&gt; [y,n,?] y## Checking for setuid/setgid programs.This package contains scripts which will be executed with super-user permission during the process of installing this package.Do you want to continue with the installation of &lt;hssScIf&gt; [y,n,?]</td><td></td></tr></table>