## Hughes SCCP Interface Configuration, Continued

<div>Hughes interface configuration (continued)</div>

<table><tr><td>Name</td><td>Default</td><td>Description</td></tr><tr><td>constimer</td><td>60</td><td>When the connection to a peer is lost, a new attempt will be made to connect until the connection is reestablished. constimer is the number of seconds between retries.</td></tr><tr><td>current_stats_dir</td><td>/IN/service_packages/ SLEE/stats/current</td><td>Directory to use for temporary statistics files being written to by the interface.</td></tr><tr><td>defaultgt</td><td>(empty string)</td><td>Default Global Title. If there is no GT in our source address and if our configuration insists that we never use route on PC for ourselves, then fill in our specified own GT.</td></tr><tr><td>hb_interval</td><td>100</td><td>The time (in seconds) between heartbeat messages from the Hughes Interface to TCAP.</td></tr><tr><td>hopcount</td><td>-1</td><td>If set to zero or greater, outgoing messages will be sent as XUDTs with hop count defined.</td></tr><tr><td>hss_stats</td><td>1</td><td>If set to 0, statistics tracking and logging within Hughes SCTP/SUA will be disabled.
Allowed values:
• 0, and
• 1</td></tr><tr><td>logging</td><td>off</td><td>If set to on, logging is turned on when the interface first initialises.</td></tr><tr><td>maxas</td><td>10</td><td>The maximum number of application servers the system will connect to.</td></tr><tr><td>maxcobuf</td><td>100</td><td>The mac CO buffer.
Allowed values:
Decimal integers.</td></tr><tr><td>maxconn</td><td>100</td><td>The maximum number of Serial Control Transmission Protocol (SCTP) connections the stack is required to support.</td></tr><tr><td>maxdids</td><td>2048</td><td>The maximum number of concurrent TCAP dialogues that can be handled by the interface.</td></tr><tr><td>maxinstream</td><td>10</td><td>The maximum number of SCTP streams that the system is allowed to have incoming from a single point.</td></tr><tr><td>maxlocalas</td><td>10</td><td>The maximum number of application servers running on this platform.</td></tr><tr><td>maxlocalsp</td><td>10</td><td>The maximum number of local service processes.</td></tr></table>

## Hughes SCCP Interface Configuration, Continued

<table><tr><td>Name</td><td>Default</td><td>Description</td></tr><tr><td>maxnwappr</td><td>2</td><td>The maximum number of network appearances the system will attach to. This can be considered to be equivalent to SINAP multistack if the number is &gt; 1.</td></tr><tr><td>maxoutstream</td><td>10</td><td>The maximum number of SCTP streams that the system is allowed to have outgoing to a single point.</td></tr><tr><td>maxpcnode</td><td>10</td><td>The maximum number of point codes the system will be registered against.</td></tr><tr><td>maxpeersp</td><td>10</td><td>The maximum number of peer service processes (either SG or ASP) we will be connected to.</td></tr><tr><td>maxsccpconn</td><td>1</td><td>The maximum number of SCCP connections the system will support. Since TCAP is connectionless, this is set to 1 to prevent any divide by 0 errors in SUA.</td></tr><tr><td>maxSctpModeRetry</td><td>30</td><td>Number of times setting the SCTP mode to client or server should be attempted before giving up.</td></tr><tr><td>maxsg</td><td>10</td><td>The maximum number of signalling gateways the system will connect to.</td></tr><tr><td>maxsls</td><td>-1</td><td>The maximum SLS value to use in MTP level of sent TCAP messages. If configured to -1, the interface will use the values from the protocol standard for the protocol which is being used (either ITU or ANSI as set by the sccp parameter).</td></tr><tr><td>maxssnode</td><td>10</td><td>The maximum number of subsystem numbers the system will be registered against?</td></tr><tr><td>netaddr</td><td>127.0.0.1</td><td>The primary IP address to bind to.</td></tr><tr><td>netident</td><td>internat</td><td>The type of network appearance to use. Options are:  • International, use internat  • National with no priority, use nat_no_pri  • National with priority, use nat_with_pri</td></tr><tr><td>ntfyport</td><td>14002</td><td>SCTP Port number.</td></tr><tr><td>nwappr</td><td>1</td><td>The network appearance id. This needs to be the network appearance configured in the SGs.</td></tr><tr><td>path_max_retrans</td><td>4</td><td>Max number of times that SCTP will try to retransmit on a path before considering a path unreachable. Used in conjunction with assoc_max-retrans.</td></tr><tr><td>pc</td><td>200</td><td>The point-code that interface will act on.</td></tr><tr><td>peerfile</td><td>peers.conf</td><td>File name of the peers.conf file.</td></tr></table>

## Hughes SCCP Interface Configuration, Continued

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Hughes interface configuration (continued)</td></tr><tr><td>Name</td><td>Default</td><td>Description</td></tr><tr><td>port</td><td>14001</td><td>The SCTP port to bind to.</td></tr><tr><td>qos</td><td>1</td><td>QOS value to use on messages sent out of interface. Allowed values:• -qos 0x0? = The SCCP return on error bit is unset• -qos 0x8? = Set the SCCP protocol class return on error bit.• -qos 0x?0 = Specifies SCCP class 0 connectionless service• -qos 0x?1 = Specifies SCCP class 1 connectionless service</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Where: '?' indicates any valueNotes:1 Add 128 to specify that SCCP should return messages on transmission error.2 Where -qos 0x8 the SCCP layer will notify the TCAP stack when it determines that a previous message could not be delivered. The TCAP interface will in turn deliver a TCAP_NOTICE primitive to the TCAP user.Refer to ITU-T Q.713, subsection 3.6 'protocol class' for further details.</td></tr><tr><td>rcbase</td><td>128</td><td>Routing Context IDs are allocated incrementally, starting from this number. They must:• be unique within the network, and• match those configured in the gateways.</td></tr><tr><td>rcstep</td><td>1</td><td>Amount by which to increment routing context each time it is incremented.</td></tr><tr><td>rejtime</td><td>1</td><td>The number of seconds that reject timer will run for (0 implies timer is not run).</td></tr><tr><td>remgt</td><td>false</td><td>This option is deprecated.</td></tr><tr><td>retaddr</td><td>q774</td><td>If set to nonstd, the Oracle TCAP stack can perform the non-Q.774 behaviour of allowing the TC-User to override the SCCP cgPA of TC-END messages. (Q.774 only allows overrides of the first TC-CONTINUE.)</td></tr><tr><td>rto_init</td><td>1000</td><td>The SCTP retransmission timeout. The initial settings are in msec.</td></tr><tr><td>rto_max</td><td>5000</td><td>SCTP retransmission timeout. Maximum settings in msec.</td></tr></table>

Continued on next page

## Hughes SCCP Interface Configuration, Continued

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Hughes interface configuration (continued)</td></tr><tr><td>Name</td><td>Default</td><td>Description</td></tr><tr><td>rto_min</td><td>500</td><td>SCTP retransmission timeout. Minimum settings in msec.</td></tr><tr><td>rx_buffers</td><td>100</td><td>Number of buffers thatSCTP maintains per association receive free queue.SCTP maintains three free queues per association.</td></tr><tr><td>sccp</td><td>itu</td><td>Whether to use ansi oritu standards for SCCP layer.Allowed values:• ansi, or•itu.</td></tr><tr><td>secondary_netaddr</td><td>NULL</td><td>The secondary IP address to bind to. This allows the system to have redundant network connections.</td></tr><tr><td>spid</td><td>1</td><td>The signalling point id. This is an identifier used by the Hughes Stack. It must not overlap with other SPID defined in peers.conf.</td></tr><tr><td>stopitimer</td><td>false</td><td>If set to true, the invoke timers are not run.</td></tr><tr><td>tx_buffers</td><td>1000</td><td>Number of buffers thatSCTP maintains per association transmit free queue.SCTP maintains three free queues per association.</td></tr></table>

The heartbeat is used to determine the status of the connections to the signalling process.

If no traffic has been received for a period equal to  $ hb_{interval} $  + RTO, the SCP will send out a heartbeat from its primary address to the other primary. After each subsequent  $ hb_{interval} $  + RTO period it will then heartbeat each secondary interface in turn, until it gets back to the primary.

When no heartbeats have been acknowledged for the retransmission limit number of times, the SG will be declared unreachable. Then the conntimer value is used to wait for the connection process to start, and initialisation is commenced.

For a value of 100 seconds, this can mean up to 404 seconds before the SG is declared down.

Note: If the ITP reboots before the heartbeat has declared the SG down, there will be no initialisation until the completion of the missed heartbeats. Therefore, HB_INTERVAL, RTO, conntimer and Retransmissions should be set to a value that ensures the association is declared down before the ITP has rebooted.

## SINAP (SCCP) interface configuration

## I ntroduction

The two tables below define the configuration variables that can be set for the SINAP (SCCP) variant of the TCAP interface (the sinapSccpTcapInterface executable). The meanings of the SINAP SCCP stack variables and their possible values are described in the SINAP Programmer's Guide (refer to the ca_register() function).

This interface is an SCCP level interface that uses the SCCP stack available within SINAP. This has the major advantage over the SINAP TCAP one, in that TCAP dialogue handover is possible.

This table describes the parameters which can be used to configure the SINAP SCCP TCAP Interface.

<table><tr><td>Variable</td><td>Default</td><td>Definition</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">hopcount</td><td rowspan="2">-1</td><td>If set zero or greater outgoing messages will be sent as XUDT's with hop count defined (only relevant if the xudtbufs &gt;0, see).</td></tr><tr><td>Allowed values: decimal integer 1 - 15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">logging</td><td rowspan="4">off</td><td>If on logging is turned on when interface first initialises.</td></tr><tr><td>Allowed values:</td></tr><tr><td>• on</td></tr><tr><td>• off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">maxdids</td><td rowspan="2">10000</td><td>Maximum number of concurrent TCAP dialogues that can be handled by the interface.</td></tr><tr><td>Allowed values: decimal integer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">maxsls</td><td rowspan="2">31</td><td>Maximum SLS value to use in MTP level of sent TCAP messages.</td></tr><tr><td>Allowed values: decimal integer 0 - 31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">priority</td><td rowspan="2">2</td><td>MTP message priority to use on outgoing MSUs.</td></tr><tr><td>Allowed values: decimal integer 0 - 2</td></tr></table>