## Uninstalling the Hughes SigTran Interface, Continued

## Sample hssSclf uninstall script (continued)

<table><tr><td>Script</td><td>Action</td></tr><tr><td>## Verifying package dependencies.## Processing package information.## Executing preremove script.* NOTE: Removing hssScIf from SLEE.cfg</td><td>This output displays the tasks being completed by the script. No action required.</td></tr><tr><td>## Removing pathnames in class &lt;none&gt;/IN/service_packages/SLEE/lib/cmnInstallLib.sh/IN/service_packages/SLEE/lib/ckyorn/IN/service_packages/SLEE/lib/ckstr/IN/service_packages/SLEE/lib &lt;shared pathname not removed&gt;/IN/service_packages/SLEE/hssScIf.unconf.sh/IN/service_packages/SLEE/hssScIf.conf.sh/IN/service_packages/SLEE/etc/SLEEhssSccpTcapInterface.cfg/IN/service_packages/SLEE/etc &lt;shared pathname not removed&gt;/IN/service_packages/SLEE/bin/hssSccpTcapInterface/IN/service_packages/SLEE/bin &lt;shared pathname not removed&gt;## Executing postremove script.## Updating system information.</td><td>This output confirms that the script has completed.</td></tr><tr><td>Removal of &lt;hssScIf&gt; was successful.#</td><td>This output confirms that the script has completed.</td></tr></table>

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

## Appendix

## Overview

This appendix contains the following topics.  
Glossary of Terms.....69  
Index.....73

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

<div>Glossary of Terms</div>

<table><tr><td>ACS</td><td>Advanced Control Services configuration platform.</td></tr><tr><td>API</td><td>Application Programming Interface</td></tr><tr><td>ASP</td><td>Application Service Provider, orApplication Server Process. An IP based instance of an AS. An ASP implements a SCTP connection between 2 platforms.</td></tr><tr><td>CAMEL</td><td>Customized Applications for Mobile network Enhanced LogicThis is a 3GPP (Third Generation Partnership Project) initiative to extend traditional IN services found in fixed networks into mobile networks. The architecture is similar to that of traditional IN, in that the control functions and switching functions are remote. Unlike the fixed IN environment, in mobile networks the subscriber may roam into another PLMN (Public Land Mobile Network), consequently the controlling function must interact with a switching function in a foreign network. CAMEL specifies the agreed information flows that may be passed between these networks.</td></tr><tr><td>CAP</td><td>CAMEL Application Part</td></tr><tr><td>CCS</td><td>1) Charging Control Services (or Prepaid Charging) component.2) Common Channel Signalling. A signalling system used in telephone networks that separates signalling information from user data.</td></tr><tr><td>Connection</td><td>Transport level ink between two peers, providing for multiple sessions.</td></tr><tr><td>DP</td><td>Detection Point</td></tr><tr><td>FTP</td><td>File Transfer Protocol - protocol for electronic transfer of files</td></tr><tr><td>GPRS</td><td>General Packet Radio Service - employed to connect mobile cellular users to PDN (Public Data Network- for example the Internet).</td></tr><tr><td>GT</td><td>Global Title.The GT may be defined in any of the following formats:·Type 1: String in the form "1,&lt;noa&gt;,&lt;bcd address digits&gt;"·Type 2: String in the form "2,&lt;trans type&gt;&lt;bcd address digits&gt;"·Type 3: String in the form "3,&lt;trans type&gt;,&lt;num plan&gt;,&lt;bcd address digits&gt;"·Type 4: String in the form "4,&lt;trans type&gt;,&lt;num plan&gt;,&lt;noa&gt;,&lt;bcd address digits&gt;"The contents of the Global Title are defined in the Q713 specification, please refer to section 3.4.2.3 for further details on defining Global Title.</td></tr><tr><td>HLR</td><td>The Home Location Register is a database within the HPLMN (Home Public Land Mobile Network). It provides routing information for MT calls and SMS. It is also responsible for the maintenance of user subscription information. This is distributed to the relevant VLR, or SGSN (Serving GPRS Support Node) through the attach process and mobility management procedures such as Location Area and Routing Area updates.</td></tr></table>